Update README.md with link to simulator on GH Pages (#1690)
MetaMask/snaps: packages/snaps-simulator/README.md

# Snaps Simulator

> A simulator for MetaMask Snaps, to be used for testing and development. [metamask.github.io/snaps/snaps-simulator/staging/](https://metamask.github.io/snaps/snaps-simulator/staging/)

Reviewer: This looks better imo.

```suggestion
A simulator for MetaMask Snaps, to be used for testing and development. The
latest version can be found [here](https://metamask.github.io/snaps/snaps-simulator/latest/).
```
